# Evidence-in-Scientific-Articles
## Sources of Evidence for Information Retrieval in Scientific Articles  
Using term frequency methods or Tf-Idf are the most commonly used sources of evidence for IR systems. Although very effective for general purposes, it is often required to tailor global or local evidences according to domain or use-case, in order to obtain better results. In modern IR models, it is expected that the system should be able to fetch results with greater accuracy and with the minimal amount of efforts. Hence, it becomes important to understand the task and process the incoming query as per the the information need. 

One such domain is the retrieval of scientific articles from internet or any database in general. A very common drawback of directly using tf-idf for this task can be that since articles are considerably long, a lot many papers belonging to the same domain can have the same set of terms, which will require more effort or specific terms to distinguish between them. If a user tries to look for a paper of any particular author, there can be many papers by the same author, in collaboration with many other authors from same and different domains, resulting in a large retrieved set and low precision. What makes it worse is that many users mistype the author names, or more common is that authors can have varying names across literature (full names or initials or combination of both), making it difficult to retrieve relevant documents. For these scenarios, we will require some way to improve the performance of the system. 

Two such sources of evidence are given that attempt to resolve the above presented problems.
